there's a televised uh political debate
in Jordan you got Muhammad show up got
going up against Mansoor Murad uh and uh
you know gets a little heated here as
you're about to see uh Muhammad goes and
pulls a gun on Mansour
but what he does before is even funnier
let's watch yeah art you cease got the
gun there and what I like about Murad is
he steps up to him anyway
like that dude is serious is not plain
is like oh you know gun let's do it man
let's do it I'm right here I'm right
here dog come & get it
okay well you gotta give it to now I
thought we had messy politics American
Idol we had too much guns in America
it's that hasn't happened yet so now
here's some funny details first show
aapke if you is you might have seen in
the tape there before you pulled out the
gun to get a shoot through that other
guy who the who throws a shoe really
okay
perhaps odd job okay and as you'll see
it in a say now why do you do it there
go some particular yeah you guys a super
there's a gun by the way thank I didn't
shoot otherwise this would be funny at
all uh show up go was uh uh accused well
moron apparently huge swamp go being an
Israeli spy so that is about as bad as
it gets but that's because earlier show
aapke had claimed Arad was a Syrian spy
so the only worse in a serious by
courses an Israeli spy but not only that
uh he also said he was a corrupt
politician which we assumed and then he
cursed show up cos father and that's
when the shoe came off is a is one is am
corrupt come on who is it really right
is another thing Zaman Israeli spy which
is pretty bad yorkers my father okay
here's my point is too much shoe
throwing in the middle east
okay now remember of course they threw a
shoe at bush right bring it down with
the shoe thrown here's here's what
doesn't happen it doesn't intimidate
your opponent okay
if you throw your shoe at me here's what
i'm thinking one your clown to you no
longer have a shoe okay pulling the gun
a little bit more intimidating but
apparently not from iran was willing to
go at it anyway jordanian politics
pretty damn serious except for the shoe
throwing which is pretty damn comical